hi everyone it's Lucy today we're going
to talk about the TOEFL listening test
and specifically we're going to look at
conversation skill one purpose so in
this lesson first I'm going to describe
the task then we're going to look at the
method and finally you're going to do
some practice on your own so in this
lesson you're going to understand
exactly how to complete the listening
purpose type question okay so first of
all what exactly is involved in this
particular task so let's take a look you
need to identify the purpose of a
conversation and by purpose I mean why
did this conversation happen now
remember that during the listening
section they're going to have some extra
information some extra details to try to
trick you to try to mislead you so it's
very important that you pay close
attention to the conversation and take
careful notes okay so let's look at our
method now our first step is to listen
to the audio and take notes now remember
when you're taking notes during any sort
of audio you don't have time to write
full sentences or to write down exactly
what the speaker said word for word
instead you want to keep track of key
words key ideas not for sentences okay
fantastic so if you don't already make
sure you have a pen and some paper ready
and we're going to listen to the audio
okay are you ready here is the audio
next please um hi my name is mark I was
sent here by the Student Advisory office
okay can I see your ID please sure here
it is okay mark our system is showing
that you've been late on your student
loan repayments well I'm actually here
because they'd like to change dorms my
current one is too expensive and with
paying my student loan I just can't
afford it
which is why I've been late on my
payments so instead of a single dorm I'd
like to apply for a shared one to save
money okay that's a good idea the rent
will be cheaper and you'll be able to
use that towards your loan but there is
a waiting list I can put you down as
urgent and that'll expedite the wait
okay how long is that be with the urgent
or
Quest's it might not be for another two
months
I see nothing sooner unfortunately
that's the best I can do okay thanks
okay how did you go do you feel like
your notes are a good approximation of
what was said okay so now we're going to
look at our own sample notes let's take
a look here so we have some key ideas
here so student loans late payment
change dorms and can't afford current
dorm due to late loan payments okay so
as you can see these notes are not full
sentences they're not very long just a
few key words and key ideas okay our
next step here is to read the question
now during the TOEFL listening remember
you're going to listen to the audio
before you see the question so that is
why your note-taking skills are so
important if you don't feel confident in
your note-taking skills it's a skill
that you really need to work on so take
some time in your own time to practice
those note-taking skills okay so now as
I said let's read the question here is
the question so why did the student
visit the Registrar's Office
was it a to request a new dorm room B to
apply for a student loan C to apply for
an extension on her student loan
repayment or D to apply for a student ID
all right now our next step you need to
refer to your notes to find out what the
student wanted as we said this is the
purpose of the conversation why did they
have this conversation again let's bring
up the question plus our own notes and
we can compare our notes against the
question now our next step is to
eliminate any incorrect answer options
okay remember they like to include a few
extra details a few other things to
throw you off of the main idea but it's
important that you pay careful attention
to the main purpose of the conversation
so again let's take a look at the
question and Arno
and I want you to try to eliminate any
options that are clearly wrong
okay finally our next step is to choose
the answer and again you want to choose
the one that best matches what the
conversation was mainly about okay so
what answer do you think is correct well
the answer is a to request a new dorm
room okay hopefully that wasn't too bad
but now it's time for you to do your own
practice now if you don't already make
sure you have a pen and some paper ready
and remember that first we're going to
listen and take notes okay are you ready
here is your practice conversation hello
professor
I made an appointment to see you today
yes Melinda you're right on time come in
are you here about tomorrow's test yes
I've been going through our list of
reading assignments and there's just one
point that I'm really stuck on and I was
hoping I could go over it with you
of course what what do you need help
with well I've been reviewing the main
marketing concepts you discussed in
class and I'm still confused on the
difference between market segmentation
and target marketing I see well let's
try to narrow down where you're lost
okay you said that market segmentation
is dividing customers into groups based
on characteristics and that target
marketing is also based on market
segmentation and I'm not exactly sure of
the difference between the two well
market segmentation is the first step in
a marketing strategy it's the division
of customer groups into categories and
target marketing is then marketing to
those specific groups based on their
characteristics sorry I don't understand
okay let's separate the concepts and go
over them one by one okay how do you
feel about your notes do you think that
they accurately capture the main idea of
the conversation well now it's time for
you to look at the question and remember
when you look at the question take a
moment
to eliminate any options that are
obviously incorrect compare your notes
to the question in order to make the
best choice okay here is the question
okay and what do you think are you
confident in your answer alright I'll
give you the answer in just a moment and
here is our answer
D to distinguish between two different
concepts so how did you go were you able
to answer it correctly hopefully using
your notes and paying careful attention
to the conversation you were able to do
it anyway thank you for watching guys
and remember if you have any questions
or any concerns don't be afraid to visit
our website at eetu language comm great
thank you again for watching and I'll
see you next time bye